
---
title: "LI-COR Log Data Processing"
author: "Bryan Blue bryanblue@arizona.edu"
output: html_document
---

# data_clean folder  

**This folder contains temporary data generated by the initial 01_wrangle_LICOR_logs.qmd file. They are used in subsequent steps and should not be touched while analysis is being performed.**   

You do not need to add any files in this folder to your repository (except this README file.)

All files can be removed safely, but data analysis steps will need to start over at 01_wrangle_LICOR_logs.qmd to generate the temporary files for the other script.  

The files are cleaned versions of the LI-COR text logs in CSV format. There are also other files that are transient as script run.  
# data_clean folder  
**TREAT AS READ ONLY**  
Only raw LI-COR **text logs** are placed here. They will all be read and used in processing. Remove any logs that you care certain are not valid or part of the analysis.  
# data_user folder  
Files in this folder are generated by the data analysis scripts. Do not edit any files as they will be overwritten.

**data_user/input** files that should not be removed unless you know what you are doing. Use this location to store off any files that are user managed and part of the data analysis. They will not be touched.  
  
"leaf_identification.csv" file for the user defined LI-COR log measurments for the experiments plant and leaf. These columns must be filled in to be used in the analysis.  
  
"select_logdata_fields.csv" is a file that contains the header information for the variables of interest. This limits the size of the data in the analysis. There are over 290 variables in the original LI-COR data.  
  
"JOINED_leaf_identification.csv" file is generated by the data analysis code. Every time the scripts are ran, this file will be updated. Do not make edits to this file unless you store a copy off with a different name. Normally this would be updated and replace the "leaf_identification.csv" file.  
  


